hi techno fans how are they are
jose techno fanatic counted on me and
I have the unpacked and the
installation of a case very
interesting that it is in the back
carbon fiber for iphone 55 s
of the company is lic
dotcom raps we go the video
in this opportunity the company is
live.com sent us this box
for the iphone 55 that is very interesting
because the back is made of fiber
real carbon let's see what else we
includes inside the box that we have
some additional things like
example also this fiber study of
carbon to place it in the part
front as on the sides and here
you can see what they are going to have
this option for what is the iphone5
efe and here the part of the camera for the
iphone 5 then what are we going to do
is to install it on our device and
see how it looks and give to you
some some data and specifications
of the product
something very interesting is that the company
a screen saver is not included
but that is simply to cover the
screen thanks to which you are going to
have this protector that will cover
all sides then what are we going
to do us now is to install this
protector to our iphone if we go
piano piano by parts we go first
we also go first to clean the
screen and we're going to place
our protector this one
and this we are going to place it I do not know if
you are seeing well yes
then this would simply be
for the
and you can see that it has adhered
how to be and here we have found
with a little niggle
and let's see if we can remove this
m a little kid
ok as you could see I'm not a
expert leaving these plates
unfortunately and what to do now is
place and is here
is
and ready then now what are we going to
do us and you can see
understood there is not a problem and
would be with the fiber part of
carbon and we will also have the
sides and in case of placing it
they will be able to do because here we are going
to find strategies areas
then what we are going to do is create
this that has a minute because no
I want to do it is to waste time
we just installed the vinyl in the
sides and you can see if from
carbon
in the part of the camera in the part
higher
as also in the bottom as
you can see it is ready to
can install it in the case that
just under pressure like you
can see the company ensures that it has
one millimeter of protection in the part
frontal although I think it's a bit
less but this way you keep
a small a small relief so that
the mind that places in third place is
flat surfaces because it protects it
be the screen the first thing I know what
touch on the flat surface you
you can see what's in there well stuck
as well as in the back and the
side you can see the vinyl of
carbon fiber the back of the
case is real carbon fiber
you can feel the difference to
moment they touch it, if it is not like
which we have here in front in
the part of the sides is
this hard plastic but it's like
prosecuted because you have
much more grip at the moment you do not
they have the hand now what is the price
of this case is 34 dollars with 95
and in case you are already interested
you know what you can get on the page
snake wraps dotcom website
I'll leave the link below this comes
the description for you to go with
directly to the product page
you can simply go to the
page that you are looking at
below scriptures dotcom hopefully
You liked this video, I do not know
forget to click on editor arrieren
Perhaps you liked it, do not forget
subscribe to our channel my name is
Jose dotcom techno fanatic and we
we see in a next video you 'll see if you
he liked this video he wants to know
more about smart phones
tablets accessories smart watches
and many other things, do not hesitate
click who tells us to subscribe
it would be that we are daily
uploading a video related to the world
of technology in case you want to continue
entertaining with our videos
just click here see you
Bye thanks